README.md, before:

# README Generator

  ![Github licence](http://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)

  ## Description
  This project is designed to support users to quickly and easily create a README file by using a command-line application. Using the users input, the README Generator will produce a professional README.md file using the Inquirer Package.

  ## Table of Contents
  * [Description](#description)
  * [Installation](#installation)
  * [Usage](#usage)
  * [Licence](#license)
  * [Contributing](#contributing)
  * [Tests](#testing)
  * [Questions](#questions)

  ## Description
  This project is designed to support users to quickly and easily create a README file by using a command-line application. Using the users input, the README Generator will produce a professional README.md file using the Inquirer Package.

  ## Installation
  To install this project, please clone the repository and install Node JS.

  ## Usage
  This project is designed to be used to generate a README file quickly and easily using user input.

  ## License
  This project uses the following license MIT

  ## Contributing
  Shields.io was used to create license badges. If you would like to contribute further to this project, please contact me using one of the methods below.

  ## Tests
  N/A

  ## Questions
  For questions about this application please reach out to me using one of the following methods:

  GitHub: Sarah-El
  Email: sarahlosbourne@gmail.com

Commit message:

added demo recording to readme

README.md, after:

# README Generator

  ![Github licence](http://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)

  ## Description
  This project is designed to support users to quickly and easily create a README file by using a command-line application. Using the users input, the README Generator will produce a professional README.md file using the Inquirer Package.

  ## Table of Contents
  * [Description](#description)
  * [Installation](#installation)
  * [Usage](#usage)
  * [Licence](#license)
  * [Contributing](#contributing)
  * [Tests](#testing)
  * [Questions](#questions)

  ## Description
  This project is designed to support users to quickly and easily create a README file by using a command-line application. Using the users input, the README Generator will produce a professional README.md file using the Inquirer Package.

  ## Installation
  To install this project, please clone the repository and install Node JS.

  ## Usage
  This project is designed to be used to generate a README file quickly and easily using user input. To see a demo of how this is used, [click here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1uXz1AKh1MobeTbWKg_NCA6cLhef3AuJt/view?usp=share_link)

  ## License
  This project uses the following license MIT

  ## Contributing
  Shields.io was used to create license badges. If you would like to contribute further to this project, please contact me using one of the methods below.

  ## Tests
  N/A

  ## Questions
  For questions about this application please reach out to me using one of the following methods:

  GitHub: Sarah-El
  Email: sarahlosbourne@gmail.com
